MOZILLA JOEY PROJECT™ PRIVACY POLICY
The Mozilla Joey Project™ (the “Project”) currently is a Beta release.  This Privacy Policy, as defined below, applies to the Beta release of the Project and all the issues and risks associated with a Beta release.  Once the Project is productized, Mozilla may revise this Privacy Policy.  See “Privacy Policy Changes” as to how we will notify you of the policy change.
March 2007
This Mozilla Joey Project™ Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how the Mozilla Foundation and Mozilla Corporation (collectively, “Mozilla”) collects and uses information about users of its Joey Project™ Website located at http://joey.labs.mozilla.com (“Website”).  This Privacy Policy only applies to the Website; it does not apply to other Mozilla websites, products or services.  Changes to this Privacy Policy are discussed at the end of this document.  Each time you use the Website, however, the current version of this Privacy Policy will apply.  Accordingly, each time you use the Website you should check the date of this Privacy Policy (which appears at the top of this document) and review any changes since the last time you used the site.  All capitalized terms that are not defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Joey Project Terms of Service Agreement http://joey.labs.mozilla.com/terms/termsofservice.
Use of Website Restricted to United States Residents
The Website is hosted on servers located in the United States of America and is intended for use by United States residents.  You may not use the Website if you are not a United States resident.
Children

The Website is not intended for children under eighteen (18) years of age.  Mozilla does not knowingly collect personal information from children under eighteen (18).
Types of Information
“Personally-Identifying Information” is information such as a name or email address that, without more, can be directly associated with a specific person or entity (e.g., a name or telephone number).  
“Non-Personally-Identifying Information” is information that, without the aid of additional information, cannot be directly associated with a specific person or entity (e.g., your computer’s and cell phone’s configuration, the version of the web browser you use and your IP address).
Gathering, Use and Disclosure of Non-Personally-Identifying Information
General
Like most website operators, Mozilla gathers from users of the Website Non-Personally-Identifying Information of the sort that Web browsers, depending on their settings, may make available.  That information includes the user’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, operating system and browser type, language preference, the referring site, the date and time of your visit and the locations of the Web pages the user views right before arriving at, while navigating and immediately after leaving the Website.  Mozilla analyzes Non–Personally–Identifying Information gathered from users of the Website to help Mozilla better understand how the Website is being used.  By identifying patterns and trends in usage, Mozilla is able to better design the Website to improve users’ experiences, both in terms of content and ease of use.  From time to time, Mozilla may also release the Non–Personally–Identifying Information gathered from Website users in the aggregate, such as by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the Website. 
Cookies
A “Cookie” is a string of information that a website stores on a user’s computer and that the user’s web browsers make available to that website each time the user submits a query to the site.  Mozilla uses Cookies to help identify and track visitors, the use of the Website, and users’ Website access preferences across multiple requests and visits.  It is possible to include Personally-Identifying Information, or references to such information, in cookies, thereby enabling websites to track the online movements of particular individuals. WEBSITE USERS WHO DO NOT WISH TO HAVE WEB COOKIES PLACED ON THEIR COMPUTERS SHOULD SET THEIR BROWSERS TO REFUSE WEB COOKIES BEFORE ACCESSING THE WEBSITE, WITH THE UNDERSTANDING THAT THE WEBSITE AND THE SOFTWARE WILL NOT FUNCTION PROPERLY WITHOUT THE AID OF WEB COOKIES.  WEBSITE USERS WHO REFUSE WEB COOKIES ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY RESULTING LOSS OF FUNCTIONALITY. 
Gathering, Use and Disclosure of Personally-Identifying Information
Mozilla collects a range of Personally-Identifying Information from and about Website users.  Much of the Personally–Identifying Information collected by Mozilla about users is information provided by users themselves at the time they register to download the Mozilla Joey Project (“Project”) software located on the Website.  That information includes each user’s email address and telephone number.    Mozilla will only use your Personally-Identifying Information to:  (1) notify you when there is a change in your account (e.g., you need a new password); (2) notify you of additional information relating to the Project; (3) install the software on your cell phone; and (4) complete the transactions you have requested.
Where Mozilla has collected Personally-Identifying Information, it discloses that information only to those of its employees, independent contractors, and community volunteers (“employees”) that need to know that information in order to process it on Mozilla's behalf and that have agreed not to disclose it to others.  Mozilla does not rent or sell such information to anyone. Other than to its employees, as described above, Mozilla discloses such information only when required to do so by law, or when Mozilla believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Mozilla, members of the Mozilla community, or the public at large. Mozilla takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of such information.
Protecting Non-Personally Identifying Information and Personally-Identifying Information Stored on your Cell Phone
Many cell phones store calling information both in the phone and on the SIM card.  Therefore, before discarding your cell phone, trading it in or giving it away, be sure you remove and retain your SIM card (if your phone has a SIM card), and follow the manufacturer’s instructions for deleting all personal information on the device itself.  (This can be found in your owner’s manual or on the manufacturers’ website.)  In addition, use passwords to prevent unauthorized access to your cell phone, your wireless account, and your voicemail.  If you write down your passwords or user names, keep the information in a secure location.  Do not give your password to someone else unless you intend them to have the same full access and ability to make changes to your account as you have.  Change your passwords periodically.
Third Party Websites and Services
As Mozilla has its own Privacy Policy, so do most other website and Internet-related service providers.  The content that you send to your cell phone is located on websites over which Mozilla exercises no control.  Before linking to, accessing or otherwise using the website or services of another entity, you should review that entity's privacy policy and take those steps necessary to, in your discretion, protect your privacy.  
Surveys
From time to time, Mozilla may ask Website users to participate in surveys designed to help Mozilla improve the Project.  Any Personally-Identifying Information provided to Mozilla in connection with any survey will be used only in relation to that survey, and will be disclosed to third parties not bound by this Privacy Policy only in non-personally-identifying, aggregated form.
Privacy Policy Changes
Mozilla may change the Privacy Policy from time to time.  Any and all changes will be reflected on this page.  When Mozilla changes this policy in a material way a notice will be posted on the website at http://joey.labs.mozilla.com/terms/privacypolicy.  It is your responsibility to ensure that you understand the terms of this Privacy Policy.  You should periodically check this page for any changes to the current policy.
For More Information
If you have questions about this privacy policy, please contact Mozilla at: privacy@mozilla.com.
